Missing capabilities error update (#1735)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/troubleshooting/common-ios-issues.md

Make sure the certificate and the provisioning profile types match.

###### Missing entitlements in the Apple Developer portal

> In case of getting errors about an existing provisioning profile's missing entitlements, one can be added or updated by finding and editing the profile in **Apple Developer portal > Certificates, identifier & profiles > Identifiers**. Alternatively, it can be done in Xcode under **Signing&Capabilities** of the given target. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of getting errors about an existing provisioning profile's missing entitlements, you can add or update the entitlements by finding and editing the profile in **Apple Developer portal > Certificates, identifier & profiles > Identifiers**. Alternatively, it can be done in Xcode under **Signing & Capabilities** of the given target. 
```

When building a Flutter project, a similar error could be thrown due to a couple of other reasons:

    > Code Signing Error: "Runner" requires a provisioning profile with the Push Notifications feature. Select a provisioning profile in the Signing & Capabilities editor.

1. Setting up code signing settings on Xcode project step is missing

> 2. Export options are not valid in the project.

Reviewer: Ambiguous - what to check where exactly and how to do it?

> 2. Export options are not valid in the project. It can be configured by adding **--export-options-plist=/Users/builder/export_options.plist** to the build command.

Reviewer: Missing from where? Where to configure these?

Author: Added
